the hard and software charts
Germany are unrecognizable
let's go ok friends now it's how often
could the new 3ds in his
release week sell
he was only on friday and saturday in
to have the specified period of time and has
27,700 and 1 x sold what you
maybe even a buyer yes and
as were in the past
with gameboy and gameboy color ds and dsi
is now back at 3ds and new
3ds that the models added together
So 3ds and new 3ds will not be
individually filled but all three ds
Models together have 27 1701 times
can sell and now even if
only ever nintendo 3ds will stand
So all models are common that is
three ds 3ds xl two ds and newly 3ds
and wii 3ds xl all together this is
was coined as I said in the
Past also always so against
stinks the playstation 4 this time completely
nice to see how it will look like in the future
will develop during the fight of the giant
how long will the new 3ds be whole?
stay up and then there is a big one
gap ps3 wii xbox ears you know that
and the vita also has the xbox 360
overhauled congratulation
you are probably at the moment rather on one
handheld rip ok come to the software
charts because you know what has appeared
The election of Zelda Majora's mask 3D
and that is rightly the top rider
software charts with 52,500 60
sold units can see each other
to let
just under half has the second-placed
e-wolf a new game vps 4 pc and xbox
Horn has three times in the
Charts yes games new games
in the release week is of course still
are bought a lot that settles
course different depending on the game
over time and for that reason see how
it stands with the wolf and with majora's
Mask 3d in third place came on
monster hunter 4 ultimate also
appeared and well suited for the new
3ds though playable too on the
old 3ds and yes only on the fifth
place with pokemon omega
ruby and alpha sapphire a well-known
has risen again to 10,000 so
not comparable to the last week
The two days ago came because charts came
somehow so close one what you
why and otherwise have yet
gta fifa minecraft and call of duty
save
let's see there I am very curious how
the next week you will also look
can you imagine there was also each
crowd movement in the interviews though
which is very soft the two newcomers
Of course, this is also the number one spot
and two legend of zelda majora's mask
3d and monster hunter 4 ultimate accustomed
from pokémon then smash brothers for 3ds
has sold more than smash
brothers for view I think that depends
synonymous with the fact that the top 5
in the nintendo charts three of each
Games are so many have the new
3ds bought and maybe even looks
which game i have not yet and
I think there were many buyers
Find
smash brothers 3ds also present
if you already have a ju 3ds tool i
perhaps even not just a game
but 203 to launch a new one
console you have since fisherman from the
open purse and mario kart 807
and the legend of zelda ocarina of time
3d i said it before a two
weeks has sold more and now
again in the top 10 in 9th place
to be exact
1941 went over the counters
from place 17 to place nine of course
that also many 3d-owls owed
theater loads that has done a lot
finally I have to say or something like that
bit was a bit too for me
exhausting always the whole other of
to keep you interesting
the next new releases are available
also ready and how they are
striking when compared to the
Newcomers to this week's day easy
by no means miss the
next charts I say for
see dom bettlers and see you and then
ciao